[docs] Add documentation about how to do serialization in a separate process (#132)
coreweave/tensorizer: README-subprocess-serialization.md

Reviewer: Should move this to `docs/subprocess-serialization.md`

details about using PyTorch across processes

## Warning about fork() and threads
Be aware that Python `os.fork()` is often not a viable option, as it can be known to cause deadlocks if you have multiple threads. Python 3.12 and above
will [issue a deprecation warning](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/100229) if you attempt this. Some 3rd-party packages that rely on sockets or file descriptors may also not behave correctly when a process unexpectedly forks. 

A subprocess (fork + exec) is generally safer, but you do not inherently get
shared memory with the calling process. `multiprocessing` has two ways to create
a child process: `spawn` or `forkserver`. `spawn` should always be safe.
`forkserver` can be faster but safety depends on the behavior of modules at
import time. See
https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods
for more details.

## If starting from CUDA
Presuming your tensors are in CUDA memory, there are a couple different options.

### Option 1: Communicate the CUDA tensors directly
CUDA tensors can be "shared" to a subprocess very efficiently since it's only communicating a pointer to device memory.

> Basically send the CUDA tensors over a `multiprocessing.Queue` to a subprocess that does the serialization. Ensure that the CUDA tensors remain in device memory until the serialization process finishes.

Reviewer: Extra note that tensors must remain unmodified, and, if using encryption, not read again until serialization finishes, the same as the warning for CPU shared memory.

Reviewer: Yeah, just left a second review when I noticed that, my bad

Reviewer: The part about it needing to remain unmodified still applies though

```python
import torch
from tensorizer import TensorSerializer
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM
import torch.multiprocessing as mp

def do_serialize(uri: str, model: torch.nn.Module):
    serializer = TensorSerializer(uri)
    serializer.write_module(model)
    serializer.close()

def my_gpu_model() -> torch.nn.Module:
    model_ref = "EleutherAI/gpt-j-6B"
    model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained(
        model_ref,
        revision="float16",
        torch_dtype=torch.float16,
        low_cpu_mem_usage=True,
    )
    model.to('cuda')
    return model

def main():
    dest = "gpt-j-6B.tensors"
    model = my_gpu_model()

    mp.set_start_method('spawn')
    p = mp.Process(target=do_serialize, args=(dest, model))
    p.start()

    # main process is now free to do other stuff but `model` must remain in CUDA
    # memory until the `p` subprocess finishes

    p.join()

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

### Option 2: Snapshot CUDA tensors to CPU memory in subprocess before serializing

Once the tensors are in CPU memory, they no longer need to occupy CUDA memory. But the tensors
will now need to occupy CPU memory until they are fully serialized.

> Do this by calling `model.to('cpu')` immediately after sending to serializer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do this by calling `model.to("cpu")` immediately after sending to the serializer.
```

    p = mp.Process(target=do_serialize, args=(dest, model, snapshot_done))
    p.start()

    # main process is now free to do other stuff
    # but `model` must remain in CUDA memory

    snapshot_done.get()
    # Subprocess copied model into CPU memory. Free to release the CUDA-based model
    del model

    # ... do other stuff ...

    if not p.is_alive():
        print('Serialization finished.')

    p.join()

if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

## If starting from CPU memory

Tensors in CPU memory need to moved to shared memory to be communicated with a subprocess. PyTorch `multiprocessing` will do this transparently, but be aware
that a memcpy occurs. You'll also need additional "surge" CPU memory during the duration of the copy of each tensor. PyTorch copies tensors serially, so you need additional memory equal to the size of your largest tensor. This is only used during the memcpy itself. The original non-shared memory is immediately freed (unless it is also in use by some other tensor)

Depending on how you are constructing your CPU tensor, you may be able to preemptively `tensor.share_memory()` ahead of time, thus saving a memcpy when

> passing to the subprocess.

Reviewer: We can explicitly note here:

> [!WARNING]
>
> The main process should avoid modifying tensors while they are being serialized from shared memory, to avoid corrupting the written file. If serializing *with encryption* from shared memory, tensors should additionally not be read again until serialization has finished, as encryption temporarily modifies tensors in-place.
>
> If concurrent modification or access is necessary, move the tensors out of shared memory and into a copy in the subprocess before serialization. This can be done in the same style shown for snapshotting CUDA tensors in a previous example.
